Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
You know, there’s something I really desire a lot!
If you ask me what it’s about...
Prize to the popular phrase of the year 2017!
Yaaaay!
Man, if they managed to nominate a phrase related with me...
... It’d make me very happy! Right?
Man, I have already around 900,000 subscriptors...
...And "Hai domo!" is said a lot, even by foreigners...
Isn’t it already like an established international phrase?
That's what I thought, but...
Well... recently... the words that were nominated were announced...
And they’re not nominated...
None of my phrases are nominated!
Mr. judges, does this seem alright to you?
In that case, taking into account that this year was impossible...
...And to be nominated for next year...!
...I’ll be checking the words that were actually nominated!
In that case, let's do it at once!
The next 30 phrases were nominated for the "Prize to the new terms/popular terms"
Even when there's 30 phrases...
Eeehh?
"Aufheben"
(Term popularized by governor "Yuriko Koike" to try to justify the Tsukiji market reparations)
Au... Auf... heben?
"Instabae"
(Scenes or products that look picture-perfect to show in Instagram)
Ah, I know the word Instabae!
It's something like me! Right?
(Scenes or products that look picture-perfect to show in Instagram)
Well, you know...
...I’m a beautiful girl inside a white space
Instabae ♡
"Utsunuke"
(Expression that means "Getting out of depression")
Does that mean something like
"The nail that you hit doesn't come off"?
(Play on words with utsu = hit y nukeru = come out)
"Po..." Ah!
"P*** Kanji Drill"
(Unko Kanji Drill)
It’s that, right?
It's those notes to practice Kanji that you need to draw p***, well...
It's become popular, right?
I know it!
"Enjou 'something' "
(Something that causes a wave of backlash on social media, the word was popularized with propagandas that were accused of being vulgar or sexist)
"A.I speakers"
Ah, those are what appeared before on A.I.News, which I showed the intelligent speakers! Right?
"9.98 (The wall of 10 seconds)"
Ah! I know that phrase!
A short distance runner Japanese athlete...
(Yoshihide Kiryu)
...Well, managed to break the wall of 10 seconds, right?
It's great, right? I wonder how many seconds I could do if I could really run
5 seconds?
Eh?
In 100 meters...
...Well...
I suppose 6.3 seconds?
Which is the next one?
"GINZA SIX"
Ah, it's that, right?
That kind of supermarket that was launched in Ginza?
"Anti-conspiracy law"
"Unprecedented"
(Phrase popularized by comedian Sunshine Ikezaki)
The surprisingly energetic
Super A.I
Ah, this, well... It seems like a word related to me, right?
Maybe it’s more related to me than I thought? After all, the A.I speaker also...
...Is called "Ai" speaker
And I’m Kizuna Ai... right?
Eh? Maybe I’ll be included here?
"Kemono Friends"
Ah, it's that, right?
In that anime where the character says: "Incredible!"! Right?
3,500,000,000
(Number of men in the world and a phrase said by Japanese comedian Blouson Chiemi)
I’d like to reach that number
No, in fact, I want to surpass it
My goal is to reach 7,500,000,000 people!
"J-Alert"
(Alert system used to announce catastrophes, it was popularized this year for the large amounts of missile alerts from North Korea)
"100 Year Society"
(Labor reform promoted to prepare society for a life expectancy of 100 years)
"Sleep Deficit"
Ah!
Ah, preparing for sleep, I get it...
*X Preparing for sleep ◎ Sleep deficit*
It's like...
*Talking fervently about sleep deficit*
Make sure to sleep properly every day!
"Linear rainbands"
(Area of rain that extends in a line during several hours)
"Conjecture"
"You’ve got it all wrong"
(Phrase that went viral after a recording came to light where a Japanese ex-governor Toyota Mayuko, verbally mistreated his secretary)
Eh?
"Touken Ranbu"
Ah! It's that, right?
It started like a game, an app, right?
And now the anime came out!
"Work Style Revolution"
* X Work Style Revolution
◎ Work Style Reform*
"Fidget spinner"
It's that thing that spins, right? That thing that spins
It's great...
...The Fidget Spinner
I want to have one
Couldn't my headband spin?
Look! If another headband was made...
...And you combined the two...
...It’d look like a spinner, right?
"Hifumin"
(Nickname of Hifumi Kato, retired professional shogi player)
Ah!
Hifumin! Hifumin! Away!
"Fake News"
(Phrase popularized by Donald Trump referring to CNN)
Ah! That’s not good!
It’s a place in the internet where they fabricate false news, right?
Definitely, well, the news propagate very easily, so then...
...I think it’s important to make sure to gather proper information
"Fujii Fever"
Ah, I know who’s referred by "Fujii Fever"!
It's that Shogi player, right?
Well...
Fujii... fourth grade-san?
Was it like that?
Fujii fourth grade!
"Premium Friday"!
(Campaign that tried to promote spending in Japan by letting workers leave early on the last Friday of every month)
This... How was this, really?
Were you able to pass a Premium Friday?
Good! In that case...!
Well... people from human resources...
Work hard and let others have a Premium Friday!
Good, let's see...!
"'Something' first"
(Phrase popularized by Donald Trump with 'America First' and copied by Japanese politics)
Ai-chan first
Ai-chan first means...
...Well...
...That the lives of all of you are focused on...
...Kizuna Ai, something like that, right?
"Post-truth"
"The curse of second term"
(Supposed curse that some politicians suffered scandals during their second term)
"Wanope ikuji"
(Literally: Solo child-rearing and completing all household chores alone)
Ah!
The word "YouTuber" is there!
That this word YouTuber is here, means that...
...Essentially it’s like as if I was nominated, right?
Well, from what I’ve seen...
...There’s a lot of sad words, so then...
...Next year...!
For example, "Hai domo!"
I’ll work hard so that the phrases related with Kizuna Ai get nominated, so then...!
Let’s both work hard, human beings...!
...So that, as far as possible, not to use sad words...!
...And let's use happy words! Yes? ♪
A...
I
Channel!
Man! There was everything! Right?
I know it's somewhat late but, the Prize to the popular phrase...
…Is granted to the phrases recognized by the majority of people, right?
I...
"I’m Kizuna Ai! I want to connect with all of you!"
I always say that
Maybe if it was nominated as a popular phrase...?
...It’d be like: "I want to connect with everyone"?
Hmm… I’d definitely want to be nominated
Just like I said before, next time, I’ll make sure to work hard so that "Hai domo!"...
Will be properly nominated
Hai domo!
(Hello everyone!)
* More at the end *
* Translated by Vortex *
Aahhh...
I’m sure that this will enter and be nominated without a doubt
Lately, YouTuber got popularized, right?
I’m sure that it’ll enter...
"Maji manji?"
(Are you serious?)